## Attendees

| Name                | Organization               | Role           | Present  |
|---------------------|----------------------------|----------------|:--------:|
| Philippe Ombredanne | AboutCode Europe ASBL      | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Piotr Karwarz       | Apache Software Foundation | Invited Expert | &#x2714; |
| Mike Hepple         | Apple                      | Member         |          |
| Jannis Hermanns     | Apple                      | Member         |          |
| Ashley Williams     | Axo                        | Invited Expert |          |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg                  | Vice-Chair     | &#x2714; |
| Dan Ehrenberg       | Bloomberg                  | Member         |          |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg                  | Member         |          |
| Samina Husain       | Ecma International         | Secretary      | &#x2714; |
| Olle Johansson      | Edvina                     | Invited Expert | &#x2714; |
| Jordan Harband      | HeroDevs                   | Member         |          |
| Matt Rutkowski      | IBM                        | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Chris de Almeida    | IBM                        | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jerod Heck          | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jonathan Howard     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Axel Wirth          | MedCrypt                   | Invited Expert |          |
| Lars Francke        | OSBA                       | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Nick Vidal          | OSI                        | Invited Expert | &#x2714; |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Vinod Anandan       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         |          |
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow                 | Chair          | &#x2714; |
| Patrick Dwyer       | ServiceNow                 | Member         |          |
| Benji Visser        | Xeol                       | Invited Expert |          |

## Minutes

Previous meeting notes approved

Announcements

* MITRE meetings
    * Phillipe > meetings and MITRE
    * PURL - timeline - any breaking changes with community work and ECMA standards â€“ A: No.
    * Basic premise â€“ working to get PURL and gitoidsâ€“ added to CVE program â€“ as 1st class citizen
    * Olle: I think it is not opposed, there could be both CPE and PURL
    * They are getting ducks in row
    * MITRE working for CVE organization â€“ looking to get PURL into CVE program
    * ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰Phillipe and Jan doing great!! Going through tickets and closing them. Spec is getting great and ECMA helping the community and spec get better!! ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰
    * Whatâ€™s amazing is there were so many problems with the spec in the first place, and people adopted it regardless! ðŸ˜‚It still solved a challenge that we all share.
* Piotr â€“ place for PURL in current CVE schema â€“ placed in the versioned identifier â€“ moving it. â€“ something that can be converted to a PURL (and supported by external reference in CVE)
    * Classify as a confusion â€“ every PURL is resolvable
    * it is unique identifier and does not to be resolvable
    * Not a requirement but highly recommended
    * Work: use PURL as alternative to CPEs â€“ 1st class citizen in CVE spec
* Hackathon in Barcelona
    * Website go live soon
    * Info coming soon! Stickers!
    * Testing - Transparency Exchange API - Dependency Track

Updates

* Threat modeling and Blueprints will not be part of the next version of CycloneDX
* OSS Sustainability
    * Moving forward with specification â€“ have gone through a lot discussing all types of contribution and needs of maintainers â€“ high probability that this will be a separate specification.
    * Has solidified as a separate spec â€“ will create a proposal to make TG4 â€“
    * Can add sustaining as external reference to CycloneDX spec
* Patents
    * Progress good â€“ working on documentation
* Transparency Exchange API in active development â€“ response from insights will be a normalized model. Will look a lot like CycloneDX b/c of the way it was designed - API friendly
    * With framing in mind â€“ blueprints and threat model WG in mind - breaking changes to the CycloneDX spec  -
* After 1.7 release â€“ would like to start working on 2.0 of spec â€“ frame as a transparency expression language rather than a BOM format.
* Will be the basis of the insights API
* Olle proposes to have a basic roadmap: which programme is at which state, and what time frame and version it targets to finish matched with the ECMA process.

**Working Group Updates**

* **TG2: PURL**
    * [https://github.com/orgs/package-url/projects/1](https://github.com/orgs/package-url/projects/1)
    * Progress is being made - working towards spec finalizations
* **TG1: Transparency Exchange API**
    * Making progress towards specifications; gonna be a bit delayed
    * Goal: have something that can be implemented at the hackathon in Barcelona
* **TG 3: Common Lifecycle Enumeration**
    * Markdown documents in the repo
    * Working on prototyping a schema

**CycloneDX Promotions**

* feat: support for external components with version-ranges - [CycloneDX/specification#586](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/586)
    * This issue has had an extensive community review
        * Version range defined with VERSE (part of PURL TG2)
    * Flag whether component is external component (like javascript from CDN)
    * This is part of the *component* definition
    * Any objections to promotion: None
    * **This promotion is passed**
* licenses: allow mix of multiple SPDX expressions AND/OR multiple named/spdx licenses - [CycloneDX/specification#582](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/582)
    * Review only in this meeting
    * The group would prefer if Philippe Ombredanne is part of promotion discussion
    * The CycloneDX team believes they have addressed Philippes objections
    * Will be postponed to the next TC54 meeting
    * Jan will organise a separate meeting between the TC54 meetings - possibly next week 2025-Apr-11

The chair closed the meeting
