## Attendees


| Name                | Organization          | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|---------------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain       | Ecma International    | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow            | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg             | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg             | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin       | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation      | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Philippe Ombredanne | AboutCode Europe ASBL | pombredanne@nexb.com           |                |
| Olle Johansson      | Edvina                | oej@edvina.net                 |    &#x2714;    |
| Jordan Harband      | HeroDevs              | ljharb@gmail.com               |                |
| Nick Vidal          | OSI                   |                                |    &#x2714;    |


## Minutes

* Samina Execom -
    * 3 things TC54
        * JTC1 fast track
        * June GA
* New Attendee!
    * Nick Vidal from OSI
    * Community Manager of ClearlyDefined
    * Glad to have you here!
* Announcements?
    * OWASP Barcelona Program  \
      [https://owasp2025globalappseceu.sched.com/list/simple](https://owasp2025globalappseceu.sched.com/list/simple)
    * Planning a hackathon – interest in some open source projects (eg DependencyTrack)
        * Free - more info coming
        * IETF hackathons – going to use this as a learning and experimenting – method for improving standards - see [https://www.ietf.org/meeting/hackathons/](https://www.ietf.org/meeting/hackathons/)

### Promotions


* Feat: support multi license mix - [CycloneDX/specification#582](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/582) (Jan Kowalleck)
    * Ticket: [https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/issues/454](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/issues/454)
    * Components
    * Declared license and concluded license –
    * Question about - Source code license and run code license?
        * Could document it with subcomponents
    * No documentation changes – correction to architecturally flawed
    * Discussion – conclusion: postpone the decision until future TC54 meeting
    * Process: Ask for discussion in the CycloneDX Slack #specification channel and mailing list – 4 week community feedback period - which passed without any comments
        * TC54 members are encouraged to follow this process

### Updates from CycloneDX FWGs (Chair)



* Threat modeling – good progress - fairly comprehensive – will be a lot to review
* Blueprint – less progress – behaviors are applicable to all these different domains – really positive feedback that this will be a great feature to add – already existing tools that can generate these behaviors – open source and commercial vendors supporting on day 1
* Sustainability – group making progress – still unclear if end up in cycloneDX or another standard – will bring to TC54 and decide if it makes to be
* Patents – almost wrapped up - next TC54 meeting will present as a promotion

### TG1 - Transparency Exchange API



* Working hard – work meetings
* Getting very close – split up openAPI spec – core for consumer side and one optional for publishing side
* Enjoying first proposal tadrive phase 2 - sketch of the insights API – way to avoid SBOM data in files
* Focused on beta release by April1st

### TG2 - Package URL and VERS

* Slow by steady progress – missed March window so have leeway to take more time
* Project board: [https://github.com/orgs/package-url/projects/1](https://github.com/orgs/package-url/projects/1)
* Hoping to eventually go through 150 PRs – diverging 180
* Volume of downloads – getting serval 200K/day almost 4M/month
* Discussing character encoding – lot of details – how to strike a good balance spec that is clear and not to verbal
* Progressing towards core spec – we have closed for the scheme type and working on qualifiers
* Proposal: Add Schema that defines PURL types   [https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/pull/401](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/pull/401)
* WIP:Update 'qualifiers' rule in core spec [https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/pull/398](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/pull/398)
* Separation of the core PURL syntax spec and the PURL Types spec.  \
  The PURL syntax will be part of the first standardisation, but the fast-moving PURL Types will not.
* Great engagement
* Python PEP that mentions PURL https://peps.python.org/pep-0725/ for Specifying external dependencies package and version ranges (with VERS)

### TG3 - Common Lifecycle Enumeration

* Been working on having discussions version vs version ranges
* Going to be simplified
* Need to figure out what JSON schema is most supported – latest isn’t necessarily most supported
* Discussing extended support - have additional end of support options
* Thinking about ways for distribution - transparency exchange API - standalone spec needs to be distributable – discussing ways to do that.
* Core spec - fairly solid – still some things to flesh out
* Joint discussion about discovery mechanisms
* Providing an ECMA standard – can resolve some of the issues 