## Attendees

| Name                | Organization               | Role           | Present  |
|---------------------|----------------------------|----------------|:--------:|
| Philippe Ombredanne | AboutCode Europe ASBL      | Member         |          |
| Piotr Karwasz       | Apache Software Foundation | Invited Expert |          |
| Mike Hepple         | Apple                      | Member         |          |
| Jannis Hermanns     | Apple                      | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Ashley Williams     | Axo                        | Invited Expert |          |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg                  | Vice-Chair     | &#x2714; |
| Dan Ehrenberg       | Bloomberg                  | Member         |          |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg                  | Member         |          |
| Samina Husain       | Ecma International         | Secretary      |          |
| Olle Johansson      | Edvina                     | Invited Expert | &#x2714; |
| Jordan Harband      | HeroDevs                   | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Matt Rutkowski      | IBM                        | Member         |          |
| Chris de Almeida    | IBM                        | Member         |          |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jerod Heck          | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jonathan Howard     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Axel Wirth          | MedCrypt                   | Invited Expert |          |
| Lars Francke        | OSBA                       | Member         |          |
| Nick Vidal          | OSI                        | Invited Expert |          |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Vinod Anandan       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         |          |
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow                 | Chair          | &#x2714; |
| Patrick Dwyer       | ServiceNow                 | Member         |          |
| Benji Visser        | Xeol                       | Invited Expert |          |

## Minutes

* Previous meeting notes
    * Next meeting
    * Will review 2 sets of minutes ‚Äì
    * April meeting notes and June meeting notes
* No new attendees

Announcement:

* Thank you!!! OWASP and ECMA for Hackatho in Barcelona
* Will work on summary report
* Learned a lot and didn't learn what we thought we would learn
    * Eg We didn't expect we would need a network to connect between laptops
    * Early state ‚Äì hackathon will be very different when we have more applications to test
    * Principles for privacy/Chatham House Rules for the test
    * Why participants parse the rules differently

Proposal to form TG4 - OSS Sustainability

* Want Samina here
* Dedicated TG
* Read materials ahead of time
    * [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IZnHEwzz1N7LbChVkZTE_dfo3I2np8rULssq5I2wchM/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IZnHEwzz1N7LbChVkZTE_dfo3I2np8rULssq5I2wchM/edit?usp=sharing)
    * [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dlfq1vp2xXDN1oeUPVGffMEtagUUH1CQ2jWOTg4H9UE/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dlfq1vp2xXDN1oeUPVGffMEtagUUH1CQ2jWOTg4H9UE/edit?usp=sharing)

Promotions

* feat: add custom properties to external references -[ CycloneDX/specification#610](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/610)
    * Fairly small change
    * Proposal was accepted üöÄ
* feat: license expression details and properties - text attachment, licensing, etc -[ CycloneDX/specification#599](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/599)
    * Change is based on two requests‚Ä¶
    * Problem statement: we historically support SPDX license ID or license names ‚Äì when you did either one you could provide the full text of the licenses itself inline ‚Äì SPDX expression - but you would prevented from
    * Tl;dr: Gap ‚Äì and this proposal is to fulfill that gap.
    * Proposal was accepted üöÄ
* feat: Add support for TLP marking in metadata -[ CycloneDX/specification#604](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/604)
    * [https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/news/traffic-light-protocol-tlp-definitions-and-usage](https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/news/traffic-light-protocol-tlp-definitions-and-usage)
    * Proposal was accepted üöÄ
* feat: Add support for representing patent information -[ CycloneDX/specification#597](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/597)
    * Adding patent information to spec
    * Worked with WIPO - did not want to reinvent the wheel
    * Proposal was accepted üöÄ
* licenses: allow mix of multiple SPDX expressions AND/OR multiple named/spdx licenses -[ CycloneDX/specification#582](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/582)
    * Dont have a conclusion yet
    * Philippe was concerned that it would introduce some friction or open opportunities for errors
    * Decided to maybe add another feature, to ‚Äúfix‚Äù this friction: [https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/issues/619](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/issues/619)
    * Lets move to next meeting ‚è≠Ô∏è
* Information: Work is going on for 1.7 in parallel with 2.0

Updates from CycloneDX FWGs

*

Update from TG1 (Transparency Exchange API)

* Plan for TEA
    1. We are shooting for beta 2 during july
    2. Virtual Hackathon in August (date to be set soon)
    3. After that Beta 3
    4. Start of the ECMA process begins
    5. Release 1.0 of the API
    6. Another Hackathon Q4
    7. ECMA Standard target: GA June 2026 - Ready April 1st 2026

Update from TG2 (PURL, VERS)

* Plan to make PURL core spec september time frame for december GA

Update from TG3 (CLE)

* Conversation scheduled with OpenEOX/Oasis
