## Attendees

| Name                | Organization               | Role           | Present  |
|---------------------|----------------------------|----------------|:--------:|
| John Horan          | AboutCode Europe ASBL      | Member         |          |
| Michael Herzog      | AboutCode Europe ASBL      | Member         |          |
| Philippe Ombredanne | AboutCode Europe ASBL      | Member         |          |
| Piotr Karwarz       | Apache Software Foundation | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Mike Hepple         | Apple                      | Member         |          |
| Jannis Hermanns     | Apple                      | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Ashley Williams     | Axo                        | Invited Expert |          |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg                  | Vice-Chair     | &#x2714; |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg                  | Member         |          |
| Aki Braun           | Ecma International         | Staff          |          |
| Samina Husain       | Ecma International         | Secretary      |          |
| Olle Johansson      | Edvina                     | Invited Expert | &#x2714; |
| Jordan Harband      | HeroDevs                   | Member         |          |
| Matt Rutkowski      | IBM                        | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Chris de Almeida    | IBM                        | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Nicklas Koertge     | IBM                        | Member         |          |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jerod Heck          | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jonathan Howard     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Axel Wirth          | MedCrypt                   | Invited Expert |          |
| Lars Francke        | OSBA                       | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Nick Vidal          | OSI                        | Invited Expert |          |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Vinod Anandan       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         |          |
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow                 | Chair          | &#x2714; |
| Patrick Dwyer       | ServiceNow                 | Member         |          |
| Benji Visser        | Xeol                       | Invited Expert |          |

## Minutes
**Update from OWASP Global AppSec and CycloneDX v2.0 (Steve Springett)**
* Number of talks – transparency exchange API
* Number of talks about BOM - 1.7 and 2.0
* Transparency exchange API with demo and scenario (more complex)
* People understood and there was good guidance
* Petra - threat modeling community (at OWASP) settling on TMBOM
* Aruneesh - AIBOM
* Dr Allan Freedman – excited about some of the directions - Pavel (framing of TEA)


* Upcoming: presentation & panel discussion for OpenChain/Automotive sector
  * CycloneDx 1.7 and what doing for 2.0
  * going to start with level setting / objectives

**Update from TC54-TG1 (Olle Johansson or Chair)**
* Spec we currently have works –Pavel has real live demo TEA scenarios
* Need to look into hardware identifiers for the TEI
* Need to plan standardisation work in TC54/ECMA

**Update from TC54-TG2 (Philippe Ombredanne or Chair)**
* “Must” language– educational experience
* Confirmed to ISO and ECMA requirements
* Going to start to work on vers – like working on next PURL as well.
* GA meeting in december 2025 for ratification of PURL syntax
    * JSON Schema for defining PURL Types will be standardised
* PURL types are not going to be standardised in ECMA
    * Will be documented in JSON Schemas
    * Tools will be developed

**Update from TC54-TG3 CLE**
* Document in pretty good shape
* Standardised in ECMA, but not currently forwarded to ISO
* CLE targeted for ratification in December 2025 GA

**Update CycloneDX**
* CycloneDX 1.7 targeted for ratification of December 2025 GA

**Update from TC54-TG4 - Sustainability**
* Aeva Black leads ORCWG group on Open Source attestations for the CRA
    * Needs both CLE and sustainability
* TG4 Need leadership - “Convener” - ECMA member
* Chris de Almeida, IBM,  may be able to do this - but not alone
    * Needs to be elected by the TC

**New business / Open Discussion**
* **Nothing of note **
