<img src="https://tc54.org/images/ecma.svg" align="right" height="70" alt="Ecma logo" /> <!-- markdownlint-disable-line MD041 -->

# Agenda for the 27th meeting of Ecma TC54

- **Host**: Remote
- **Dates and times**:
    - 10:30 to 11:30 EST (America/New\_York) on 01 May 2025
- **Attendee information**: [Meeting invite](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MW43ZjdoZmF2cW11MXZzM2Y5ZHNobmt0cjhfMjAyMzEyMTRUMTUzMDAwWiBjXzg4NGRlY2RlNWExNTI5MDJiYjUxYTYyZjg5NTUwZDBmMzc0ODQ4NDUzNGYwOGM2Mzc5MmYyZTY1NGYyYTdlYmNAZw&tmsrc=c_884decde5a152902bb51a62f89550d0f3748484534f08c63792f2e654f2a7ebc%40group.calendar.google.com&scp=ALL)


## Agenda items

1. Opening, welcome, and roll call (Chair)
    1. Opening of the meeting
    1. TC54 follows its [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
    1. [TC54 video recording and legal disclaimer](../VIDEO_RECORDING_AND_LEGAL_DISCLAIMER.md)
    1. Approval of [previous meeting minutes (2025-03-06)](2025-04-03-minutes.md)
    1. Introduction of new attendees
    1. Announcements
1. Review promotions
   * feat: add custom properties to external references - <https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/610>
   * feat: license expression details and properties - text attachment, licensing, etc - <https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/599>
   * feat: Add support for TLP marking in metadata - <https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/604>
   * licenses: allow mix of multiple SPDX expressions AND/OR multiple named/spdx licenses - <https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/582>
     * postponed vote from previous meetings
     * had a meeting with experts and member of TC54 who blocked the progress - menutes: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_WamGPuSsOcJVYizd5eIOPqqcAYdTj3mu_65PhqtBdE/edit?usp=sharing>
     * result: no conclusion - again
1. Update from CycloneDX FWGs (Chair)
    1. [Threat Modeling FWG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gwfk0GHafuUE06GRc31kkQ-NTB2w8ZatYGKUm7Ah-5Q/edit)
    1. [Blueprints FWG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IDIFD6AREiuTcFB4NeFljwoxLF2x_Ioa7MHyyNLHGUo/edit)
    1. [OSS Sustainability FWG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IZnHEwzz1N7LbChVkZTE_dfo3I2np8rULssq5I2wchM/edit)
    1. [Patents FWG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b9OS8ZWsFDcA0yEh5jJNtbkuLzipCJPFeijsmsQ7oHw/edit)
1. Update from TC54-TG1 (Olle Johansson or Chair)
1. Update from TC54-TG2 (Philippe Ombredanne or Chair)
1. Update from TC54-TG3 (Benji Visser and Jordan Harband, or Chair)
1. Documentation update
