## Attendees

| Name                | Organization               | Role           | Present  |
|---------------------|----------------------------|----------------|:--------:|
| Philippe Ombredanne | AboutCode Europe ASBL      | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Piotr Karwarz       | Apache Software Foundation | Invited Expert | &#x2714; |
| Mike Hepple         | Apple                      | Member         |          |
| Jannis Hermanns     | Apple                      | Member         |          |
| Ashley Williams     | Axo                        | Invited Expert |          |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg                  | Vice-Chair     | &#x2714; |
| Dan Ehrenberg       | Bloomberg                  | Member         |          |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg                  | Member         |          |
| Samina Husain       | Ecma International         | Secretary      | &#x2714; |
| Olle Johansson      | Edvina                     | Invited Expert |          |
| Jordan Harband      | HeroDevs                   | Member         |          |
| Matt Rutkowski      | IBM                        | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Chris de Almeida    | IBM                        | Member         |          |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jerod Heck          | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jonathan Howard     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Axel Wirth          | MedCrypt                   | Invited Expert |          |
| Lars Francke        | OSBA                       | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Nick Vidal          | OSI                        | Invited Expert |          |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Vinod Anandan       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         |          |
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow                 | Chair          | &#x2714; |
| Patrick Dwyer       | ServiceNow                 | Member         |          |
| Benji Visser        | Xeol                       | Invited Expert |          |

## Minutes

* Approval of previous meeting minutes:
    * [2025-07-03](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/meetings/blob/main/2025/2025-07-03-minutes.md)
    * Note to format note correctly
* Announcements
    * SS: Wrapping up with from cartography working group - 1.7
        * Porting over
        * Going out for community review in terms of next monthâ€™s TC54 meeting
        * Invited 2 folks from IBM
    * SA;Recognize Lars, response European COmmission
        * 200 responses
        * ECMA did response
    * SA: pending CRA Mondays
        * Showcase T54
        * September 1, 2025
    * SA: FOSDEM
        * Think about something to do together
        * TC54 relevant room
    * PO:  https://crates.io/crates/mj/0.4.0  Crates.io has now adopted PURL on every package web page
* Review promotions
    * licenses: allow mix of multiple SPDX expressions AND/OR multiple named/spdx licenses - [CycloneDX/specification#582](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/582)
    * JK: Meets usecase where Nick - clearlydefined API - multiple packages where concluded and declared expressions differ
    * PO: can refine later on
    * JK: @Philippe Ombredanne please have a look at https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/issues/619 - this is basically the followup of the license expressions thing, to minimize ambiguity
    * Approved ðŸš€
* Update from TC54-TG2 (Philippe Ombredanne or Chair)
    * We about to merge importance PR - pURL definition type
    * Last item blocking from going into spec - merge and do adjustments aftwards
    * Timeline
    * Working towards adoption of PURL in CVE schema
    * Looking to build website for PURL
        * Website credit to Abul Hasan Sheik Madhar Ali and Ralf Duli, great interns who volunteered for this from our Ireland labs.
* Update from TC54-TG3 (Benji Visser and Jordan Harband, or Chair)
    * Team working on few minor things
        * Pagination
        * What is the best way to append only model
        * What will we do with drawn events
            * Events cannot be modified â€“ if need to make correction - unable
            * Make option to withdraw events
        * Rules for ordering events
* Vote on the formation of TG4
    * Scope and programme of work:
    * Working requirements doc: Working requirements doc:
    * Do we have the right representation?
        * Wait 1 more cycle of meetings?
        * Feedback on name?
        * Standalone spec that would represent sustainability information that maintainers can assert
            * Formal taxonomy of what that could look like
    * Meta comment
    * Punt to next TC for vote
* Housekeeping
    * ECMA backup of our github repos 