## Attendees


| Name                | Organization          | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|---------------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain       | Ecma International    | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow            | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg             | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg             | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall     | Lockheed Martin       | ian.dunbar-hall@lmco.com       |                |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin       | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Lars Francke        | OSBA                  | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |                |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation      | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Philippe Ombredanne | AboutCode Europe ASBL | pombredanne@nexb.com           |                |


## Minutes
* Happy New Year. Yay 2025.
* Minutes approved
* Announcements
    * Proposed PIP - Seth Laron, PSF Security Foundation
        * https://peps.python.org/pep-0770
        * CycloneDX mentioned – non easily traceable dependencies
        * Phantom Dependencies
    * CycloneDX new website!
        * New content – a lot of new examples and working groups
        * Recommended all participants have look at the new site
        * [https://cyclonedx.org/](https://cyclonedx.org/)
* WG Updates
    * Threatmodeling working group – actively working on POC
    * Blueprints – not as much progress
    * Sustainability –
        * Working on different use cases
        * Not sure this info will be part of the spec or a complementary spec
        * Meeting with FOSS Funders OSPO/TODO team
    * Patents
        * Collaboration with The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) standards body [https://www.wipo.int/standards/en/](https://www.wipo.int/standards/en/)
        * In early stages of creating a POC
    * Cryptography –
        * Re-stood up and working through 3 areas of work
        * 1. Identifying gaps
        * 2 & 3 –
            * Standardization of elliptic curve names – need to standardize
            * Standardization of algorithmic names
* TC Updates
    * Update from TC54-TG1 (Olle Johansson or Chair)
        * Start working on insights model of API – essentially the data models that could become CycloneDX 2.0
        * Also tentatively planning “plugfest” in Barcelone end of May
    * Update from TC54-TG2 (Philippe Ombredanne or Chair)
        * Slow with the holidays. Two updates:
        * 1. Held a community meeting further the triage of issues – redhat attendance
            * Will have these meetings on a regular basis
        * 2. Adopting RFC language in community specification
        * Decomposition PURL parts and defining each part.
        * Creating FAQ outside of the spec
        * ABNF grammar may be adopted
    * Update from TC54-TG3 (Benji Visser and Jordan Harband, or Chair)
        * Community meetings are not Ecma TC-TG meeting
        * Update to be provided next meeting
* No new business
* Meet ended at 17:00 CET
* 