## Attendees

| Name                | Organization               | Role           | Present  |
|---------------------|----------------------------|----------------|:--------:|
| Philippe Ombredanne | AboutCode Europe ASBL      | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Piotr Karwarz       | Apache Software Foundation | Invited Expert | &#x2714; |
| Mike Hepple         | Apple                      | Member         |          |
| Jannis Hermanns     | Apple                      | Member         |          |
| Ashley Williams     | Axo                        | Invited Expert |          |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg                  | Vice-Chair     | &#x2714; |
| Dan Ehrenberg       | Bloomberg                  | Member         |          |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg                  | Member         |          |
| Samina Husain       | Ecma International         | Secretary      | &#x2714; |
| Olle Johansson      | Edvina                     | Invited Expert |          |
| Jordan Harband      | HeroDevs                   | Member         |          |
| Matt Rutkowski      | IBM                        | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Chris de Almeida    | IBM                        | Member         |          |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jerod Heck          | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Jonathan Howard     | Lockheed Martin            | Member         |          |
| Axel Wirth          | MedCrypt                   | Invited Expert |          |
| Lars Francke        | OSBA                       | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Nick Vidal          | OSI                        | Invited Expert |          |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         | &#x2714; |
| Vinod Anandan       | OWASP Foundation           | Member         |          |
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow                 | Chair          | &#x2714; |
| Patrick Dwyer       | ServiceNow                 | Member         |          |
| Benji Visser        | Xeol                       | Invited Expert |          |

## Minutes

1. Welcome
    1. Approve meeting minutes / no objections
        1. [2025-06-05](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/meetings/blob/main/2025/2025-06-05-minutes.md)
        2. [2025-04-03](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/meetings/blob/main/2025/2025-04-03-minutes.md) (good turn out!)
    2. Announcements
        3. ECMA TC54 (including TG1, TG2) - present to OS regulatory compliance working group
        4. Samina setting up
            1. Opportunity for TC54 to have visibility (CRA)
            2. 1-hour presentation and open dialogue
            3. Short abstract - highlight speakers
            4. Next step: Work offline - start google doc  \

2. Vote on the formation of TG4 - OSS Sustainability
    3. Scope and programme of work:
    4. Working requirements doc: Working requirements doc:
    5. Move community work to TG4 - sustainability info would be added to cycloneDX but realistically we need a dedicated lightweight specification â€“ no longer part of CycloneDX â€“ community work entire shifted to TG4
        5. Steve, Salve (invited expert),
    6. One reason to move â€“is for increased invisibility
    7. Is there overlap with TG3? Complementary specifications
        6. Potential for collaboration between 2 specs
        7. Sustainability spec not time series
    8. Recommend vote for next meeting â€“ additional members â€“ wise to have other full members to also vote.
    9. Provisionally approved
3. Promotions
    10. Citations [CycloneDX/specification#630](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/630)
        8. Assert how fields get their value
        9. Matt - Grateful for this! Addresses real world problems. Really ties formulation together.
        10. Love how things are being created â€“ tweaks needed
        11. Next Step: Setup huddle to discuss implementation details
    11. POSTPONE - SPDX licenses [CycloneDX/specification#582](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/582)
        12. Proposed months ago - Phillipe concern ambiguity when expressing licenses
        13. Philippe would like to review end of next week
        14. Freeze date for 1.7 - next meeting
            5. Drop date: August meeting
        15. Sorry ðŸ˜ž
4. Update from TC54-TG1 (Olle Johansson or Chair)
    12. Skipped yesterday meeting
    13. Doing some workshops
    14. ETA no longer Dec but June 2026
    15. Internal changes under discussion
5. Update from TC54-TG2 (Philippe Ombredanne or Chair)
    16. Good progress
    17. Planning to have core standard completed EOW - July 7th
    18. Last Major item - refine definition of JSON schema for each PURL package type
    19. Good engagement and collaboration
    20.  - to review and get ample feedback before formally presented to ECMA
    21. Steve: have draft of PURL standard in markup for next TC54 meeting
    22. Next step: ensuring we work with implementors of standard to help them be aware of small standards of spec with the clarification - help them update their implementations and formalizing tests
6. Update from TC54-TG3 (Benji Visser and Jordan Harband, or Chair)
    23. Work continues
    24. We are at a point have everything ready by
    25. Presented to ECMA GA on updates
    26. Likely 3 specs coming for GA approval in Dec 2025
7. New News: Lars update
    27. Just wanted to let people know that the European Commission started another call for input on their standardisation regulation.
    28. [https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/14511-Standardisation-Regulation-revision_en](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/14511-Standardisation-Regulation-revision_en)
    29. This regulates how standards are being written for EU legislation
    30. Some more details here[ https://single-market-economy.ec.europa.eu/single-market/goods/european-standards_en](https://single-market-economy.ec.europa.eu/single-market/goods/european-standards_en)
    31. I have drafted my response here and if anyone has comments feel free to leave them on the document [ https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vWwRL6J9G3wg40qCbyawEekBtszEbOu8TidUP4xbkqo/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ru7aqx0mu3o](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vWwRL6J9G3wg40qCbyawEekBtszEbOu8TidUP4xbkqo/edit#heading=h.ru7aqx0mu3o)