# Meeting minutes for 14 December 2023

## Attendees

| Name             | Organization       | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|------------------|--------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain    | Ecma International | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett  | ServiceNow         | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Patrick Dwyer    | ServiceNow         | patrick.dwyer@servicenow.com   |                |
| Alyssa Wright    | Bloomberg          | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Dan Ehrenberg    | Bloomberg          | dehrenberg@bloomberg.net       |                |
| Jan Kowalleck    | OWASP Foundation   | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Matt Rutkowski   | IBM                | mrutkows@us.ibm.com            |                |
| Chris de Almeida | Chris de Almeida   |                                |                |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall  | Lockheed Martin    | ian.dunbar-hall@lmco.com       |                |
| Lars Francke     | Stackable          | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |    &#x2714;    |
| Benji Visser     | Xeol               | benji@xeol.io                  |    &#x2714;    |


## Minutes

* Chair election
    * Steve: Agendas and notes will be stored in [https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/meetings/](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/meetings/)
    * Steve: Can we elect Chair and vice chair? Steve for chair, Alyssa for vice chair?
    * Alyssa: What does that mean?
    * Samina: Chair is responsible for running the meeting; vice chair in their absence.
    * Alyssa: I still need internal approval, so let's publish my role after that.
    * [Everyone agrees]
    * Conclusion: Chair is Steve, vice chair is Alyssa
* CycloneDX spec status
    * Steve: Let's look at where we are with the spec, review the process, and timelines. Major features in 1.6:
        * Support for attestations: Being able to attest to given standards, e.g., PCI standards, SSDF, any standard. In a machine-readable way, represent standards and attestations along with evidence, claims, etc. Essentially done, team working on guidance.
        * Cryptography bill of materials: All cryptographic assets used in a thing, whether a hardware key, HSM, or cloud infrastructure. There are EO 14028 requirements for transparency of cryptographic assets. Almost complete, should be done early January. Working on a guide as well.
    * Steve: Standardization process at Ecma, how do we align delivery dates, so that we can meet the expectations of the standardization process.
    * [Aside: Agenda is approved, code of conduct link needs to be fixed]
    * Samina: There are two ExeCom meetings, in April and October. Standard needs to be publicly available with the ExeCom for 60 days for review. There are GA meetings in June and December, where something is approved. So, to have something approved in June, it needs to be presented in April and made available a week or two before that, at the latest. We are a Royalty-Free Technical Committee, so we need folks to sign the RFTC agreement.
    * Daniel: This extends to non-member contributors as well.
    * Steve: What timeline is needed for 1.6 to become a standard in June? TC39 tries to get ready by end of January/early February. Should we be so prompt? It might be a little hard.
    * Samina: Let's aim for end of february.
    * [everyone agrees]
* Website review
    * Steve: Shares website from [https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tc54.org](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tc54.org)
    * [Everyone thinks it looks great]
    * Daniel: Review offline, GitHub PR to collect feedback, Steve to provide screenshots, TCs do a lot of work offline in general
    * Patrick: Is everyone familiar with GitHub processes?
* Steve has to drop off with more items left on the agenda
* wants to move the PURL spec/project over to the foundation/TC54
* Next meeting:
    * January 11, 2024, same time
    * Plan is to have a meeting every 2 weeks
        * Samina says it’s a lot but it’s fine as long as there is enough commitment and agenda items
        * Ideally agenda 3 weeks before meeting -> clearly doesn’t work here, suggests at least 48 hours and would be required by ECMA
* TG (Task Group) for PURL & Common Lifecycle Enumeration?
    * Question from Samina
    * Jan: PURLs will play a crucial role for TC54/CycloneDX
        * Lars thinks PURL is important enough as a separate thing to have its own “group”
    * Benji: CLE is very new, not same maturity as PURL, probably not right to be included, Patrick disagrees
    * Chris: TGs can be formed later if needed
        * Reporting on latest TG in TC39 (Sourcemaps)
    * Patrick: What are requirements for membership in TGs?
        * Members of TC
        * Outside members can join as well in the TG meetings that don’t join the overall TC meeting
* Samina asks everyone to share their E-Mail addresses to be able to distribute information
