## Attendees


| Name            | Organization       | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|-----------------|--------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain   | Ecma International | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett | ServiceNow         | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Dan Ehrenberg   | Bloomberg          | dehrenberg@bloomberg.net       |                |
| Dennis Roellke  | Bloomberg          | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Jan Kowalleck   | OWASP Foundation   | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Matt Rutkowski  | IBM                | mrutkows@us.ibm.com            |                |
| Keith Ganger    | Lockheed Martin    | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Lars Francke    | Stackable          | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |    &#x2714;    |


## Minutes
* Approval of the minutes
* No new attendees

### TG1
* Transparency Exchange API
* Community work has started
* Actively working on:
    * Discovery Mechanism
    * Metadata to describe all the different types of assets
* If would like to attend – open to anyone in community to attend
* Official TG1 calls have not started
* Community recordings are being recorded and on youtube – playlist under CycloneDX youtube account. [https://www.youtube.com/@CycloneDX](https://www.youtube.com/@CycloneDX)

### TG2
* No update just yet
* Package URL and PURL-Types
* Holding pattern with Philippe Ombredanne
    * Purl important for software identify in general –
    * Need to reach out to a handful of organizations that have a vested interest in software identity to get involved
* Looking for feedback on potential recruitment
    *  Ian: Happy to make connections with OpenSSF working groups
    * Dennis: What does the CPE world do, potential alternative
        * Go through the other software identifiers and get in touch with the communities behind them
        * Ashley Williams - Rust, [OmniBOR ](https://omnibor.io/)- complementary specification to PURL
        * Looking at projects that have already adopted purl
    * Ian: GitHub outreach (Zach), select individuals CISA working groups eg Melissa Rhodes ?
* Want to get enough participation in TG2 – its one thing to work on standardization – that work is not difficult (detailed not difficult) the challenge will be managing PURL types.
* The backlog is not getting smaller.

### CycloneDX Updates
* Working groups for 1.7
* FWG – Task Group that works on said problem until solution is found
    * Takes a year or less
* Spinning up 3 FWG (feature working group)
    * 1. Blueprints
        * ABOM –  Architectural Bill of Materials
            * Make SBOMs more useful to Defenders
        * BOB – Bill of Behaviors
            *  What it is expected to do and how it performs
            * Should be the same bu
    * 2. Threat Modeling
        * Cryptography | AI
        * Weak algorithms not necessarily vulnerabilities
        * Methodology agnostic way (eg STRIDE, PASTA, LINDDUN)
    * 3. OSS Sustainability
        * EU and US – discussion of sustainability of OSS
        * Describe the use of open source in an organization – providing mechanism and how to contribute back – monetary or resources – to sustain the open source people rely on.
        * How can we give back to the OSS we rely on.
    * Slack channels for all 3 workstreams
        * #workstream-oss-sustainability
        * #workstream-blueprints
        * #workstream-threatmodeling

### Other News
* Events: SBOM-a-rama
    * Ian and Steve attending
    * [https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/events/sbom-rama-fall-2024](https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/events/sbom-rama-fall-2024)
    * September 11
    * Goal: Awareness
* Ian:  CISA SBOM generation tiger team
    * If want to get involved: https://github.com/CISA-SBOM-Community/SBOM-Generation
    * Tuesdays @ 10am ET
    * [https://github.com/CISA-SBOM-Community/SBOM-Generation](https://github.com/CISA-SBOM-Community/SBOM-Generation)
* Lars: Exchange in BSI and 2 rounds for _Technical Guideline TR-03183 Part2 _
    * _V2.0_ is being published soon™
    * European companies looking forward to release
    * Flags they will be using an own CycloneDX property namespace
    * English only
    * [https://www.bsi.bund.de/dok/TR-03183-en](https://www.bsi.bund.de/dok/TR-03183-en)
* Steve: OWASP Singapore Cyber Security Agency
    * Best Practice Advisory about creating SBOMs
    * Reviewed a draft yesterday
    * Published on their website
* Steve: Consider adopting another TG
    * Specifically the common life-cycle enumeration CLE
    * [https://owasp.org/www-project-common-lifecycle-enumeration/](https://owasp.org/www-project-common-lifecycle-enumeration/)
    * The concept of what's to a product over the course of its lifespan - particularly around naming and milestones
    * Solving corner cases – manufacturing changes its name, merges with another company, how a software gets bundled or unbundled
    * Handling versioning – semantic versioning to labels eg XP
    * Milestone dates – sales, marketing that is part of the product lifecycle
    * Too early to bring it into a formal TG at this point
* Lars: Deprecating XML part of CycloneDX?
    * Steve: single serialization format – easier for specification writers and easier for maintainers
    * Feedback from the community – going to keep XML, but there is an opportunity for us
    * Presentation for reversing labs – CycloneDX specific talk – where we are and where we are going.
    * What we can represent today ^ 
    * A large part of the specification has nothing to do with BOM – things working on for next release – don’t have much to do with BOM.
    * At end of 1.7 – does BOM well but evolving to a **transparency expression language** - moving more towards that and where the industry wants us to be. 
    * Thinking about what we want to do for 2.0 
    * Technical debt – help frame what we can do for CycloneDX 2.0 