## Attendees

| Name                | Organization       | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|---------------------|--------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain       | Ecma International | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow         | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg          | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Dan Ehrenberg       | Bloomberg          | dehrenberg@bloomberg.net       |                |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg          | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation   | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Vinod Anandan       | OWASP Foundation   | vinod@owasp.org                |                |
| Matt Rutkowski      | IBM                | mrutkows@us.ibm.com            |                |
| Chris de Almeida    | IBM                |                                |                |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall     | Lockheed Martin    | ian.dunbar-hall@lmco.com       |                |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin    | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Philippe Ombredanne | nexB               | pombredanne@nexb.com           |    &#x2714;    |
| Ashley Williams     | Axo                | ashley@axo.dev                 |    &#x2714;    |
| Olle Johansson      | Edvina             | oej@edvina.net                 |    &#x2714;    |
| Lars Francke        | Stackable          | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |    &#x2714;    |


## Minutes
* Slack discussion and discussion best practices
    * TC54 channel
    * Issue tracker – formal way discussion/issue get promoted
    * [https://cyclonedx.org/theme/assets/images/standardization-working-model-1.svg#center](https://cyclonedx.org/theme/assets/images/standardization-working-model-1.svg#center)
    * https://cyclonedx.org/about/standardization-process/
* Approve minutes
    * No objections
* Two Proposals
    * [TC54-TG1: Transparency Exchange API](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DK1vQWNv7Kh31sUOKSv_wN90Dm4UXWg7EyyfzHA--9k/edit)
        * Comments on access control - “enable” in place of “implement”
        * What will make it attractive to adopt the standard or go around it?
            * Discussion that needs to happen (in WG)
    * Dan, Olle: Will this be used to develop the technology, or just to standardize what’s done in the community level?
    * Steve: There’s a lot of work to do; this group *will* do some parts of the development.
    * Ashley: This technology seems generally very useful to lots of different parties (e.g., big software deployments, and security vendors); how much outreach/consensus-building have we done around having a standard here rather than just doing something?
    * Olle: This effort ties into CRA requirements. Let’s make sure to get engagement from the community to validate this effort.
    * Keith: Yeah I think involving dependency track, defect dojo, gitlab, some of the SCA companies involved in the community would go a long way’s towards credibility and adoption.
    * Steve: Agreement on the charter?
    * [Broad support, no objections]
    * Dan: Over time, let’s figure out which things we want developed within this TG vs within open source (will become more clear over time, not blocking founding this group)
    * [TC54-TG2: Package URL](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BkBd4PRhpP_u1WO_GueYB89vehT_HPKgFMMfbTuKWV4/edit)
        * Olle: Which things are done in this TG and which are done in GitHub?
        * Philippe: Discussion should happen in both places, and definitely continue where it is today.
        * Steve: Yes, I imagined a community-based model like for CycloneDX. I consider “quality” (for corner cases) part of the development process. TG2 will need to consider how closely they want to be involved in the purl types.
        * Philippe: Balance between being reactive and stable.
        * Olle: if we find areas that need a registry that aren’t included in standardization, can Ecma handle it?
        * Dan, Samina: A registry would be new for us, but Ecma can look into it. We would need interest and requirements from the TG.
        * Philippe: There are two tracks, the base purl specification (stable, a couple changes per quarter, but will taper off) and the types (more dynamic)
        * Chris: The scope could remove “continued development” and just focus on “standardization” to reflect community model; consistent with other Ecma things.
        * Ashley: Instead of owning it, “helping support the development”. Governance and process is good, but we have to talk about who is involved.
        * Olle: We may want to start with a “PURL Core” to avoid having to update the standard each quarter. We want solution providers to say “We support PURL 3” and keep that stable even though we keep adding new potential parameters and types.
        * Steve: Governance could be in the scope.
        * Ian: Agree with Ashley. One of the goals here is to add the breadth around the health of purl, so it’s not just a small group of part-time contributors. How are new purl proposals evaluated?
        * Steve: Conversational, back and forth. I have ideas for consistency/scaling, and making purl types machine-readable. The TG needs to figure out those details.
        * Olle: We need to be able to move pURL forward without revising the Ecma standard. Having a registry that can move faster than the standard document can help. We need to define a pURL core that doesn’t move as quickly, or a release.
        * Dan: Let’s keep in mind Ecma rules (re governance structures)
        * Ashley: Governance could be more at the project level
        * Philippe: I like to put in governance “when it hurts” (which is now)
        * Ashley: Governance is best “too late” than too early imo ;) Do we need anything beyond pURL types?
        * Dan: Possibility of improving rigor of definitions of types, e.g., semver standardization
        * Ashley: There are existing efforts here; let’s be in touch.
        * Philippe: How can we change the charter later?
        * Samina: You just need approval at any TC meeting.
        * Steve: Any objections to adopting this TG?
        * Philippe: We’re very happy to be creating this TC! I’d like to be chair once my organization joins Ecma.
    * Samina: The TGs are now convened, and we’ll be publicizing this after the meeting.
* Spec review: there have been some formatting changes; please review the document.
  