## Attendees


| Name            | Organization       | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|-----------------|--------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain   | Ecma International | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett | ServiceNow         | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Alyssa Wright   | Bloomberg          | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Jan Kowalleck   | OWASP Foundation   | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Jannis Hermanns | Apple              |                                |                |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall | Lockheed Martin    | ian.dunbar-hall@lmco.com       |                |
| Olle Johansson  | Edvina             | oej@edvina.net                 |    &#x2714;    |


## Minutes
* Olle SBOM-a-rama; TG1 Transparency Exchange API presentation
    * Great presentation with CISA SBOM-a-rama
    * Planning public meeting
* Feature Working Group (FWG)
    * Started with 3
        * [Threat Modeling FWG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gwfk0GHafuUE06GRc31kkQ-NTB2w8ZatYGKUm7Ah-5Q/edit)
        * [Blueprints FWG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IDIFD6AREiuTcFB4NeFljwoxLF2x_Ioa7MHyyNLHGUo/edit)
        * [OSS Sustainability FWG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IZnHEwzz1N7LbChVkZTE_dfo3I2np8rULssq5I2wchM/edit)
            * Massive
            * Really good work in terminology and modeling
    * Added new 1
        * [Patents FWG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b9OS8ZWsFDcA0yEh5jJNtbkuLzipCJPFeijsmsQ7oHw/edit)
        * Reach out to your legal team
    * Bring in SME into the FWGs
    * No guarantee that these features will end up in the next version of CycloneDX
    * Meetings open to everyone.
* TG2: PURL v1 and VERS
    * [VERS](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/pull/139) spec may be merged into [master branch](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/tree/master) soon<sup>TM</sup>, but is not expected to be released as a final version just yet. The work on VERS will continue.
    * PURL is currently discussing spec changes on name/namespace â†’ that might lead to a major version bump