# Meeting minutes for 18 April 2024

## Attendees

| Name            | Organization       | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|-----------------|--------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain   | Ecma International | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett | ServiceNow         | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Dan Ehrenberg   | Bloomberg          | dehrenberg@bloomberg.net       |                |
| Dennis Roellke  | Bloomberg          | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Jan Kowalleck   | OWASP Foundation   | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Matt Rutkowski  | IBM                | mrutkows@us.ibm.com            |                |
| Jonathan Howard | Lockheed Martin    | jonathan.w.howard@lmco.com     |                |
| Keith Ganger    | Lockheed Martin    | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Ashley Williams | Axo                | ashley@axo.dev                 |    &#x2714;    |


## Minutes

* OmniBOR
    * We have Ashley Williams joining us as an invited expert, who participates in the OmniBOR community
    * OmniBOR folks are pleasantly surprised that their things are included in CycloneDX
    * Ashley: In the Java community, often used for file-based tree shaking. Could tag ASTs in JS for more fine-grained tree-shaking?
* pURL
    * The pURL community has decided to form a TG within TC54 to standardize pURL
    * Dan: Can we work with IANA to register the pkg: scheme?
    * TODO: return to TC54 in the future with a scope and program of work in order to officially convene the TG

### ECMA Standard Document Review
* Continue reviewing component object in specification
  * How does "supplier" relate to "author"?
    * Author (often present in package managers) isn't the supplier; the registry also isn't the supplier
    * Jan: This has come up in the past and we reached that conclusion
    * This field is contentious!
    * It's really hard to automate suppliers, though NTIA is asking for it
    * Ashley: Could we build this data in the open source world by putting supplier metadata there?
    * Steve: Hopefully this can be part of the OpenSSF package group.
    * Ashley: I will try to attend and plant this idea.
    * Manufacturer
      * (What is the semantic difference?)
      * Dan: Could we deduplicate these addresses and things?
      * Steve: Maybe some of them, but other things would be [editorially] too noisy to deduplicate for it to be worth it; the spec would be all references
    * Authors
      * People rather than organizations, so it includes email and optionally phone
      * Legacy way was a single author field. Some build systems do have a single author field which is overloaded, so this gives a mapping to that.
      * Ashley to file issues on topics
    * Name is mandatory
    * Hashes
      * Hash of what?
      * Probably should support various options but we haven't done that yet üôÅ
      * Jan: Hashing improvement issue: [https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/issues/96](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/issues/96)
    * Licenses
      * Based on SPDX license identifiers
      * Can include license text, commercial licenses, etc
      * Dan: Should we be contributing our commercial license stuff to SPDX?
      * Steve: SPDX is considering this (possibly with changes, while others oppose it); we see this is very clearly important, e.g., in ServiceNow.
        * [https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/issues/397](https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/issues/397)
      * Matt R: I'm going to both groups, but can't keep up all by myself. There are different things discussed in the different groups. Things are championed by people who care about particular use cases. IBM has chosen CycloneDX and is working on making sure that this works well as an international standard, but also we have our partner ecosystems where
