## Attendees


| Name            | Organization       | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|-----------------|--------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain   | Ecma International | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett | ServiceNow         | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Dan Ehrenberg   | Bloomberg          | dehrenberg@bloomberg.net       |                |
| Dennis Roellke  | Bloomberg          | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Jan Kowalleck   | OWASP Foundation   | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Matt Rutkowski  | IBM                | mrutkows@us.ibm.com            |                |
| Keith Ganger    | Lockheed Martin    | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Lars Francke    | Stackable          | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |    &#x2714;    |


## Minutes
* Approval of the minutes
* No new attendees
* Announcements
    * Philipe signed membership with AboutCode ECMA International
    * Decision made that we will have academy of every 3 weeks of TG2
        * Work on Purl document, finally tackling governance process and ongoing maintenance of purl types
        * First priority is purl standards itself
    * TG2 has a repo for minutes and documents: [https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tg2](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tg2)
    * TG1 has a repo for minutes, documents etc: [https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tg1 ](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tg1)
    * Transparency exchange API/ Project Koala will continue to meet bi-weekly
    * For TG1 have monthly call
        * Will look to record these TG meetings
        * Question 1 was what we'd discuss in these meetings going forward
        * Question 2 was whether we'd like to keep next week to celebrate but I'm fine with a "no"
        * Thanks. In that case do we want to keep it to monthly for this year and discuss again at the end of the year if we should meet more or less often? I assume we'll see an uptick of activity with the TGs now.
* What is the cadence for this group? Monthly
* Time commitment? 1hr
* Samina will make a new link for the meetings 