# Meeting minutes for 08 February 2024

## Attendees

| Name            | Organization       | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|-----------------|--------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain   | Ecma International | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett | ServiceNow         | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Alyssa Wright   | Bloomberg          | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Dan Ehrenberg   | Bloomberg          | dehrenberg@bloomberg.net       |                |
| Keith Ganger    | Lockheed Martin    | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall | Lockheed Martin    | ian.dunbar-hall@lmco.com       |                |
| Lars Francke    | Stackable          | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |    &#x2714;    |
| Dennis Clark    | nexB               |                                |    &#x2714;    |

## Minutes

### Status / Backlog
* Backlog for 1.6: [https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/milestone/7](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/milestone/7)
* Documentation issues and clarifications: no major features for 1.6, kick back to 1.7 (eg. suport for evidence for vulnerabilities)
* Minor documentation stuff – fairly simple to correct
* Should be done by next time we meet – guides are still

### Questions:

* Daniel Ehrenberg
  * Great to see progress for 1.6 – would like to see what we are standardizing overall
  * SS: It's a lot to review, 900 pages – trying to cut it down 400-500 pages
  * JSON schema source of truth, generating PDF (900 pages) – current formatting issues that that is making document verbose
  * Have authoritative guide to SBOM (published last year) a lot of the content will make way to ECMA standards - attestation and CBOMs – good explanation of use cases
  * DE: How to interpret the fields and how fit into different flows for producing SBOMs – gap in understanding
  * SS: Would like to understand more of the details/see specific

* Keith Ganger | Schedule?
  * Release date 1.6 in April
  * Looking for milestone in March
  * Focus on documentation
  * ECMA deadline for mid-year
  * DE: Delays for schedule is OK
  * SS: ECMA schedule 2x/year is challenging – having everything prepared by Feb is difficult – would like to work towards a model in between GA meetings – waiting 6months is difficult
  * Samina Huain: Can do something outside - can do via ballot (will circle back with specifics)
  * SS: Core team has been rushed
  * 1.7 development is going to start next week – continuing to move

* Added Purl to TC54 website (on drop down)
* A lot to figure out with Purl and vers – want to combine? What are we going to do with purl types?
* Purl Types
    * KG: Seems like it should be in scope - semantics is important for anyone consuming the purl
    * Perhaps there is a draft even if not adopted fully
    * DE: More about purl us handled today
    * KG: Small group, semantics have not changed, various levels of thoroughness, some have more ambiguity than others, can has not been a problem but could foresee it being a problem
    * SS: ECMA version equivalent of ERND? – media types, have some sort of registry in place and templates to maintain consistency across purl types – so dramatically increase quality and adoption
    * Jan Kowalleck (JK) - purl type registry

* Dennis Clark
  * Where would a purl type registry be hosted?
  * ECMA? DE: Never received that request before – what is the speed of response time? Presumably every 6 months would be too slow?
  * DC: Public repo be adequate?
  * SS: Not what we have already
  * DC: Possible we need to get a bit more formal – may be independent of purl spec itself
  * SS: From ECMA Perspective – future type of purl – need a task group? SH: Depends on the committee – both are possible.
  * DE: Purl versioning
  * KG: I think a machine readable spec for types would also be useful.  It would allow stronger validation of purls and safer tools
