## Attendees


| Name                | Organization          | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|---------------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow            | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg             | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg             | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation      | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Philippe Ombredanne | AboutCode Europe ASBL | pombredanne@nexb.com           |                |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin       | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Jannis Hermanns     | Apple                 |                                |                |
| Lars Francke        | OSBA                  | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |                |
| Olle Johansson      | Edvina                | oej@edvina.net                 |    &#x2714;    |


## Minutes
* Note: OWASP Appsec in May 2025
* Vote on prior meeting notes:
    * Phillipe – not invited expert on notes
    * Approve
* No announcements
* Streebog hash algorithm addition to CycloneDX 1.7
    * First in series to review CycloneDX spec
    * Support for hashing algorithm – informational RFC
    * [Issue #485](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/issues/485)
    * [Pull request #525](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/525)
    * Adding to existing ENUM – called Streebog
    * Never heard of Streebog - interesting discussion about Russian technologies. Have to ensure there is open source code available. Some of these tend to be informational.
    * There is an international standard – it is an informational RFC. not a document on IETF standards track.
    * Any objections? No objections. **Will be included in 1.7 **
    * Keith: Related: there are other coming algorithms (kyber) should we look at them as well for 1.7
        * Steve will discuss with IBM in Jan (2nd week)
        * Work for the CBOM wg
* Working Group Updates
    * Threat Modeling – continuing to meet
        * Current working on POC on threat modeling info will look like
    * Blueprints – less further along
        * Currently working on behaviors of systems and applications
        * Expecting a lot of discussions
    * Sustainability
        * Worked on a number of things – types of activities, partnered with CHAOSS group – extended CHAOSS list – used CHAOSS as a starting point
        * Not sure where this is going to end in CycloneDX – some sustainability info will end up in CycloneDX (and some info not)
        * One thing we want to do is provide way for maintainers to assert what type of sustainability they need. Maybe need support (not money)
        * Olle: is this related to common lifecycle remuneration, Steve: No, it’s not a time series type of event like CLE.
        * General in spec, but have maiintainers asset and may not be in CycloneDX – may be its own thing. May consider task group for.
        * Will circle back once we have POC. Asking for guidance
    * Patents Working Group
        * Meeting with International standard org WIPO \
          [https://www.wipo.int/portal/en/index.html](https://www.wipo.int/portal/en/index.html)
        * Present summary info in CycloneDX
        * Making group progress
* TG1
    * In community meetings
    * Work slowing down because of the holidays
    * Was to begin formal work in TG1 during 2024, but going to start in Jan 2025
    * Getting closer to a first release
    * Online webinar – 50 people attended
        * KoalaCon 2024 on Youtube: https://youtu.be/NStzYW4WnEE?si=MY5Sb2amCYmJ6zuw
* TG2
    * Q1 timeline
    * Tracking and triaging Core issues
        * See PURL tracking sheets
            *   - master sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H2QAcADLaMNgcR5BMK7bQxzH5D3X-SdO
            *   - encoding sheet: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1biOCUY4eCqQaYmfGDHVrASV9igYEzct6](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1biOCUY4eCqQaYmfGDHVrASV9igYEzct6)
            * [https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/discussions/360#discussioncomment-1152908](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/discussions/360#discussioncomment-1152908)
    * pURL triage Wednesday, December 18 · 6:00 – 6:45pm CET / 9:00 PST Time zone: Europe/Prague Google Meet joining info Video call link: [https://meet.google.com/pdm-ukze-pbm](https://meet.google.com/pdm-ukze-pbm)
        * If anyone want an invite for their calendars just send an email to  mailto:jfuller@redhat.com
    * Latest minutes
        * running temp notes in [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bIpbOS9voWhHW-ixmZWgJWREd3lmYvjidQi2yQF7Tkg/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.473tio7alwnx](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bIpbOS9voWhHW-ixmZWgJWREd3lmYvjidQi2yQF7Tkg/edit#heading=h.473tio7alwnx)
        * permanent notes https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tg2/tree/main/meetings (missing the push of last week notes above)
    * If people want to contribute – need to coordinate committee triage operations – will be taking it from there.
    * All issues are on [https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec)
* TG3 - Common Lifecycle Enumeration
    * Community work and ECMA TG3 work joined into one series of meetings instead of separate
    * First formal meeting later today, Dec 12th
* General document production structure created by Steve
    * ECMA repos  [https://github.com/Ecma-TC54](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54)
    * One repo per TG with ECmarkup workflows added. The normative ECMA specifications are going to live in these repos. \
      Example: [https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/ECMA-xxx-PURL](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/ECMA-xxx-PURL)
    * One Repo per TG for meeting notes, agendas etc \
      Example:[https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tg2](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tg2)
* Documentation update
    * The documentation tooling based on [ECMarkup](https://tc39.es/ecmarkup/) is in the process of being applied to the individual TG’s; it is to be applied to the CycloneDX docs-space later on.