# Meeting minutes for 11 April 2024

## Attendees

| Name            | Organization       | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|-----------------|--------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain   | Ecma International | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett | ServiceNow         | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Alyssa Wright   | Bloomberg          | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Dennis Roellke  | Bloomberg          | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Jan Kowalleck   | OWASP Foundation   | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Vinod Anandan   | OWASP Foundation   | vinod@owasp.org                |                |
| Matt Rutkowski  | IBM                | mrutkows@us.ibm.com            |                |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall | Lockheed Martin    | ian.dunbar-hall@lmco.com       |                |
| Keith Ganger    | Lockheed Martin    | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |


## Minutes

* Samina announcement about schedule and editorial changes:
  * Reminder of the upcoming Ecma ExeCom meeting was noted, and the intention of the TC54 Committee to recommend CycloneDX V1.6 as the first edition for approval by the Ecma General Assembly, June 2024.
  * In addition the 60-day Opt-out and 60-day review period was also reminded and should start as soon as possible.
  * The weekly review of CycloneDX V1.6 is essential, and anticipated only to bring editorial changes. This can take place in parallel to the review period.
  * It was reminded to add name and affiliation on the Zoom call identification.
  * The Zoom recording announcement was made to all attendees. No opposition, and recording was started.

### Announcements:
* CycloneDX v1.6 released on Tuesday! &#x1F389;

### ECMA Standard Document Review
* Continue reviewing component object in specification
* ... left off at “Manufacturer”
* Organizational Contact
  * Identity - bom.ref, name, email address, phone number
  * Authors of the bom – a lot of BOMs do not have authors and created via tools / automation -but allowing for this option
  * TODO: Authors – modify the description so that its contextual to author itself and not contact.
* Component
  * Metadata Component that the bom actually describes – eg.entire operating system, the thign the BOM describes
  * Manufacture - deprecated
  * Organization
* License
  * License of the BOM itself
  * Typically different that the license of the components
  * Often not an open source license
  * Grabtig very specific permissions - that the BOM can be used
  * Can specify multiple license and/or SPDX expression
  * TODO: 2.9.2.0 License – documentation action item
  * TODO: id – valid SPDX id – strict validation – expand description
  * Declared license or a concluded license
    * Declared license – what the authors of the component intended to do in term of license terms
    * Often times declared and concluded license are the same
    * Concluded license are the effective license after some type of analysis
  * Also observed license – evidence necessary for concluded license
  * Properties: named value store
  * TODO: License ID (SPDX) string and ENUM - include URL for ENUM values
  * When have option to attach something – eg evidence, license – will have same properties – contentType, encoding, content –
  * Content – should be employed to prevent misuse of attachment text
  * TODO: Description field in [missed the property]
  * Last renewal and expiration date –
* Group – Java, maven central
* Pedigree - what is the DNA that makes up the component
