# Meeting minutes for 25 January 2024

## Attendees

| Name                | Organization     | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|---------------------|------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow       | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Patrick Dwyer       | ServiceNow       | patrick.dwyer@servicenow.com   |                |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg        | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Dan Ehrenberg       | Bloomberg        | dehrenberg@bloomberg.net       |                |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg        | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Matt Rutkowski      | IBM              | mrutkows@us.ibm.com            |                |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin  | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall     | Lockheed Martin  | ian.dunbar-hall@lmco.com       |                |
| Vinod Anandan       | OWASP Foundation | vinod@owasp.org                |                |
| Lars Francke        | Stackable        | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |    &#x2714;    |
| Philippe Ombredanne | nexB             | pombredanne@nexb.com           |    &#x2714;    |
| Dennis Clark        | nexB             |                                |    &#x2714;    |
| Axel Wirth          | MedCrypt         | axel@medcrypt.co               |    &#x2714;    |
| Benji Visser        | Xeol             | benji@xeol.io                  |    &#x2714;    |

## Minutes

* Cryptography Bill of Materials
    * Background
        * Promotion 9-10 months in the making
        * Started from IBM
        * TO bring capacity upstream to 1.6 spec
        * Consensus in last feature working group
    * Vote:
        * Any objections for the inclusion of Cryptography BOM in 1.6 spec
        * Jan (OWASP) - no objection but would like to change dependency mapping â€“ to discuss later
        * No objections from any member
        * Conclusion: This is adopted by consensus
    * [Issue #171](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/issues/171)
    * [Pull request #347](https://github.com/CycloneDX/specification/pull/347)
    * [FWG recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqjEqUxHjy1WebDhYC_7-zDzGy8EqAqpP)
    * Next steps (Steve): Iâ€™ll work with Jan to hopefully address an implementation concern. The GitHub labels that specify that CBOM has been promoted, reviewed, and accepted have been applied to the pull request. Once the issue is discussed and addressed with Jan, the PR will be merged.
* Philippe to present - Package URL (pURL)
    * Context
        * Package identifier used in CycloneDX (and SPDX)
        * [https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec)
        * Creator of standard â€“ plan to work in community to eventually join TC54 to have it standardized under Ecma
    * Presentation
        * Discussing how to identify packages in world of SBOMs etc.
        * Phillppe, AboutCode.org and nexB Inc
        * Context:
            * More and more complex software, more unsaturated dependencies, with more and more bugs vulnerabilities
            * Main drivers:
                * Can I use a piece of code (license?)
                * Is there known security issues?
        * What if we could name a package** just by looking at it**?
            * Easy for machines to process and for humans to understand
            * Use it across software composition
        * Enter Package URL (purl)
    * History
    * Who is using PURL
        * Open source SCA tools
        * SBOMS and VX specs
        * Mostly all SBOM Tools
        * Databases of packages metadata
    * Emerging as the essential glue
    * TS Eliot: The Naming of Cats is a difficult matter ðŸ˜‚

### Questions
* Alignment with your vision and TC54?
    * We could probably work in future with providing registries of purl but not sure it fits well with the idea of purl to have registries â€“ instead refine reference and reach support of system, clarify darker corners â€“ would expect there to happen.
    * If can identify package an the version, already a big win
* Maintaining the registry? The future of governance and versioning?
    * Has been discussion, to me there is the project and the specification
    * The project is the spec and bunch of library and support for each of the languages and ecosystems as documentation,
    * My vision would be to have the project move under a foundation umbrella (eg OWASP) which would also support the work in the TC to make the spec part of ECMA
    * Have the software be under OWASP under ECMA makes sense.
* Confirmation Vote
    * Any objections or concerns about adopting purl as part of TC54?
        * There is consensus 
