## Attendees


| Name                | Organization          | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|---------------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Samina Husain       | Ecma International    | samina@ecma-international.org  |                |
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow            | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg             | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation      | jan.kowalleck@owasp.org        |                |
| Philippe Ombredanne | AboutCode Europe ASBL | pombredanne@nexb.com           |                |
| Chris de Almeida    | IBM                   |                                |                |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin       | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Jordan Harband      | HeroDevs              | ljharb@gmail.com               |                |
| Olle Johansson      | Edvina                | oej@edvina.net                 |    &#x2714;    |
| Lars Francke        | Stackable             | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |    &#x2714;    |


## Minutes
* Meetings approved
* Announcements
    * Barcelona last week of May
* Update from TC54-TG2 (Philippe Ombredanne)
    * Holding 4 meetings purl (2 months)
    * Good progress
    * General news: Open Source Summit in Vienna - so many discussions
    * Full page in purl in cert India guidelines [https://www.cert-in.org.in/PDF/SBOM_Guidelines.pdf](https://www.cert-in.org.in/PDF/SBOM_Guidelines.pdf)
    * Progress about multiple directions
        * 150 issues on repo
        * [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H2QAcADLaMNgcR5BMK7bQxzH5D3X-SdO/edit?gid=1195641705#gid=1195641705](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H2QAcADLaMNgcR5BMK7bQxzH5D3X-SdO/edit?gid=1195641705#gid=1195641705)
        * Help review work in prioritization
    * Questions/related discussion in OWASP vulnerabilities forum
        * Wanted to add stuff outside the purl working group
        * Olle and Phillippe will look to coordinate correctly
    * Making progress and trying to target Jan 2025 (Q1 at latest) present Version 1
    * Vers spec was finally merged to master: [https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/blob/master/VERSION-RANGE-SPEC.rst](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/blob/master/VERSION-RANGE-SPEC.rst)
    * Looking forward to present a first version of the PURL spec ready for standardization at the next meeting
* Update from TC54-TG1 (Olle Johansson)
    * Presentation
    * One API for consumer and publisher
    * Defined document for discovery, purl, uids, etc not trying to create a new registry
    * Publisher side - just started (brainstorm meeting)
    * TEA Platform -
        * service and storage
        * Tea pots
    * TODO: Discuss with various packages how they see SBOMS, signing works with workflow
* Review [Scope and Programme of work proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EP7FS4m4vyLIs5t5LSBq465gvPUb7LSncUQRqLFRiEc/edit) for TC54-TG3: [Common Lifecycle Enumeration](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sRMS1IX0r7ZkYthDR0VY1bYyvp_6K_xw4sR1vZwla8E/edit)
    * Common Lifecycle Enumeration (CLE) – OWASP project: [https://owasp.org/cle](https://owasp.org/cle)
        * Have a good sense of scope and what need to be delivered
        * Alignment with TC54 possible and crucial to success
        * Has already relations and dependents in TC54-TG1 (Transparency Exchange API)
        * Benji Visser leading this work
    * Way to address common lifecycle events that happens in course of product’s life
        * Naming events – what something is called (will not solve all naming challenges) – marketing and M&A
        * MIlestones – endOfSupport, endOfLife, time series specification
    * No objections to forming TG3!
    * TG conveners: Steve Springett & Jordan Harband
    * Benji Visser will be an invited expert in TG54
    * TG repo at [https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tg3](https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/tg3)
    * First meeting of TG3 will be announcedntly discussing spec changes on name/namespace → that might lead to a major version bump