# Meeting minutes for 11 January 2024

## Attendees

| Name                | Organization     | Email Address                  | Invited Expert |
|---------------------|------------------|--------------------------------|:--------------:|
| Steve Springett     | ServiceNow       | steve.springett@servicenow.com |                |
| Patrick Dwyer       | ServiceNow       | patrick.dwyer@servicenow.com   |                |
| Mike Hepple         | Apple            |                                |                |
| Jannis Hermanns     | Apple            |                                |                |
| Alyssa Wright       | Bloomberg        | alyssawright@bloomberg.net     |                |
| Dan Ehrenberg       | Bloomberg        | dehrenberg@bloomberg.net       |                |
| Dennis Roellke      | Bloomberg        | droellke@bloomberg.net         |                |
| Matt Rutkowski      | IBM              | mrutkows@us.ibm.com            |                |
| Chris de Almeida    | IBM              |                                |                |
| Keith Ganger        | Lockheed Martin  | keith.e.ganger@lmco.com        |                |
| Ian Dunbar-Hall     | Lockheed Martin  | ian.dunbar-hall@lmco.com       |                |
| Jerod Heck          | Lockheed Martin  |                                |                |
| Kayla Heard-Rising  | OWASP Foundation | vinod@owasp.org                |                |
| Jan Kowalleck       | OWASP Foundation |                                |                |
| Vinod Anandan       | OWASP Foundation | vinod@owasp.org                |                |
| Lars Francke        | Stackable        | lars.francke@stackable.tech    |    &#x2714;    |
| Philippe Ombredanne | nexB             | pombredanne@nexb.com           |    &#x2714;    |
| Dennis Clark        | nexB             |                                |    &#x2714;    |
| Benji Visser        | Xeol             | benji@xeol.io                  |    &#x2714;    |

## Minutes

### Welcome, opening and meeting logistics
Steve Springett, Chair of TC54, welcomed the above attendance to this teleconference meeting.
During the TC meeting, extensive notes and video recording were taken, made publicly available
and participants were informed of their rights to make modifications and remove their personal
data.

### Approval of the minutes of the teleconference of 14 December 2023 (2024/013  )
The last meeting minutes were reviewed and TC54 approved them

### Review of the agenda
The agenda, proposed at the start of the meeting, was to discuss the following topics:\

1. Opening, welcome, and roll call (Chair)
   i. Opening of the meeting
   ii. TC54 follows its Code of Conduct
   iii. Introduction of new attendees
2. Adopt CycloneDX v1.5 as base specification
3. Review working model
4. Review promotions
  i. Attestations (CDXA)
    - Status: COMPLETE
    - Issue #192   
    - Pull request #348   
    - FWG recordings   
  ii. Cryptography (CBOM)
    - Status: DRAFT
    - Issue #171   
    - Pull request #347   
    - FWG recordings   
  iii. Add source-distribution to external references
    - Status: COMPLETE
    - Issue #98   
    - Pull request #269   

### Discussions
Consensus was reached to adopt CycloneDX1.5 as the base specification to build the 1.6 specification.

A vote was conducted with positive responses from all member organizations Bloomberg, IBM, ServiceNow and Lockheed 
Martin.

Review of features for 1.6 Specification was started. Cryptography support was delayed but will
be reviewed in the next meeting. Focus for this meeting was on attestation support and source
distribution to external references. Consensus was achieved to include attestation support in the
1.6 specification.

Discussion on minor changes: There was a discussion about the granularity of changes that
should be brought to the TC. It was agreed that minor changes should be visible to the TC but
may not require a detailed vote unless they are significant features.

Future Plans: The documentation for 1.6 should be completed by the end of February.
Philippe Ombredanne will present on package URL and its relevance to the TC in the next
meeting. The next meeting is scheduled for January25th.

Administrative Notes: Recordings of meetings will be published on the CycloneDX YouTube
channel. Members were reminded to complete and return their Ecma royalty-free agreements.

The meeting concluded with an agreement on the next steps and appreciation for participation.

### Any other business
None at this meeting.

### Next meetings
The next meetings will take place as teleconferences each week.

#### Meeting notes and agenda available
Recorded meetings: OWASP CycloneDX - YouTube

Agenda: https://github.com/Ecma-TC54/meetings/tree/main/2024

Guidelines for the meeting recording are based on the “Ecma TC39 extensive (near verbatim)
meeting notes”, Guidelines for implementation CC/2023/002 and GA/2023/035.

### Conclusion
Steve Springett thanked the participants for attending this teleconference meeting of TC54.
